Fix integration example (#331)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/web_experiment/en/implementation.md

#### Custom integrations

Implement the `IntegrationPlugin` interface and set the `experimentIntegration` window variable to add a custom integration. Place the plugin script *before* the Web Experiment script tag.

* `getUser(): object`: Return the [experiment user](/docs/feature-experiment/data-model#users) object.

> * `track(): boolean`: Track the event through a 3rd party. Return `true` if the event was tracked. Returning false will cause the event to be persisted and retried at an interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `track(): boolean`: Track the event through a 3rd party. Return `true` if the event was tracked. Returning false causes the event to be persisted and retried at an interval.
```
